# E-commerce-Website-for-Sporty-Shoes


###Project objective:
As a Full Stack Developer, complete the features of the application by planning the development. Sporty Shoes is a company that manufactures and sells sports shoes. They have a walk-in store, and now, they wish to launch their e-commerce portal. There will be an admin to manage the website. An administrator login will be required to access the admin page. he admin should be able to change his password if he wants, he should be able to Manage the products in the store including categorizing them, Browse the list of users who have signed up and be able to search users and See purchase reports filtered by date and category.


This project was build in under MVC(Model View Controller) Spring Framework. In this Product admin should fill up his login form he will need to give his admin name and password for validation. And He can able to change his password when he need. When he provide correct admin name and password the form will validate and take him to his store landing page which he can see all his store product in categorized manner and he can manage the products in the store including categorizing them (i.e.) he can able to add new product , delete existing product with simpler and easier user interactions. He can get all user lists that who are signed in to his website from database. He can also search particular user details without any difficulties. Many users will buy products from his website so their purchase detail was more important than others to managing their shop. In this project admin can retrieve purchase details from database with details about bought product along with user name who bought them and date when they bought them and also admin can filter that purchase lists by category and date easily. And but not least logout link is provided in ths project for logout purpose. 
Java concepts used in the project All oops concepts like ->abstraction encapsulation and  Lambda expression, Access Specifier, enhanced for loop, model view controller, bean, spring ioc container, Optional, interface, Jpa, Collections – List.
It is much easy to connect with database because of spring is one of the generic features of this application. So,  Admin can find implementation easy. Spring is lightweight framework so this application is fast. Admin can manage his store in simple way because of CRUD operation. This application is easy to maintain too.
